{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Point Zero
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\qr
\cf0 50 lines\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
[ slow and bass bell sounds - 1 whole note and 1 whole rest, 3 times, in the fourth one there's an airport announcement]\
\
- Passengers of flight 85J to Japan, begin boarding.\
We will leave the airport in 7 minutes. \
Please bring with you only your most valued belongings.\
- Passengers of flight 85J to Japan, begin boarding.\
\
*Pause, with sounds of people sitting, then the bells sound again, 3 times and on fourth the plane maid starts to speak*\
\
-The flight will be 12 hours long, \
You can pass the time by watching a movie. \
Today we'll feature: \
"Deadly nostalgia", "Please don't leave", "Snakes aboard an aircraft", \
"Viva M\'e9xico", "Desertor" and "We're all gonna die"\
We hope you enjoy your flight. \
Thank you for choosing Guilt-llotine Airlines.\
\
*Plane starts*\
\
- Oh! I forgot... The lifesavers should be under your seats\
\
-Wait... There aren't any! \
\
*Music starts*\
\
Generated on point zero,\
Starting the plot deviation.\
Frown upon the random error.\
Stranger scattered off the trend-line.\
\
Rendered in an underground world,\
Don't have a choice, a place to go.\
Map off limits, search for glitches,\
Loading a new set of data.\
\
Bypass guards of society,\
Climb up through the rocks of knowledge.\
Loosing the weight that holds you back,\
Now up top, see things different.\
\
Crawling out of the hole I'm in,\
Scratching desperate for a light.\
A new life free of the green eye,\
That killed the eagle and the snake.\
\
Now in the end, near to the roof,\
They all see as I leave this place.\
Calling me names, pulling my legs,\
Hold the stranger back in a cage.\
\
As I struggle with this shadow,\
I break the barrier above me.\
As the light shines upon my face,\
I rub the dirt off my forehead.\
\
Seven hundred and thirty days,\
Waking up, open my third eye.\
See past the plains above our world,\
Past the blindness I was born with.\
\
Build a new home, render new world\
Above the world we started with.\
Arriving at my destiny,\
The coordinates that I choose.\
\
The data fits this, my new path,\
Everyone has their point zero,\
Their own place, point of existence,\
A regression to find yourself.\
\
[bell sounds again]\
\
[airplane leaving message] \
\
-We have arrived at Nagaoka. Those who survived, please step out of the plane in an orderly way. We apologise for any inconvenience. Thank you for choosing Life Airlines.\
}