{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Psychophonic Parabola\
\

\b0\fs28 Sounds:\
\
Buzz (all the song)\
Fast Steps.                     Stop.    Fast steps.    Adjust backpack.    Fast steps.     Faster steps.         Grunt.                   Slow steps.                                          Adjusting backpack.                  Moving chair.                              Moving chair.\
\
Mind dialog:\
\
I have to go do that work.                       It's due tomorrow and I only have one hour.         Work.       Work.                    Work.        Banana.                                                     I keep seeing this                                                                                                                                                                                     \
          I'll go to the stationary for some papers.             Damn it's so hot.            Toda esta gente.                                                                    I have to rest some time.                         Finally silence.\
              Lay down and close my eyes.      Damn it's full, I go later,         Ponies,         I wonder if on my way there I can get some potato chips.         Ponies,              This bag is so heavy.            turn the other way.  \
 All this work.             Wakarimashita                   That guy on the store is really annoying.        Faster.       Faster.         Don't waste time.     I don't have time.             My neck.         Tengo que ir al ba\'f1o.\
                        I'm hungry          Need to check some sites.     I'm hungry.             So freaking hungry.         Silence.       All this people.  My back isn't straight.          Why was I thinking that song?                First to the bathroom.\
           I haven't got any sleep       hajimemashite            My foot hurts.         Pie.      I'll go to the library. Get away from all this people.      Pineapple pie.          If you put the watermelon on the street the cat will lick it.                      I know you well.       \
Tengo que hacer ese trabajo para ma\'f1ana y no he empezado.         No he ido al aikido.    Internet.                   Internet.       Hamburger.       Internet,            Na na na na na na na na na na.                Forward the boat sailing, floating dawn the will o wisp following.        Traaaaaaaaaaansiiiiiiiiiitiooooooooon               Viiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisiooooooooooooooooon.\
\
\
\
Everything belongs to a spiral that grows and develops outwards to infinity, representing this, everything has an underlying divinity that passes with each moment. Even our selves have an underlying divinity and to reach it we have to uncover the ever growing spiral of the subconscious, waking the collective thought of intelligence that triggers  the harmony and communication of all things in union and perfection. \
\
We\'92re all like a psychophonic parabola, that starts with an infinity of negative thoughts, full with garbage and negativeness. Then we start to diminish that thought, to diminish the negativeness, and stop at the centre, the zero point zero, start to grow, in silence, intelligence, and wisdom\'85 creativeness, sparking the spiral that creates.\
}